CHI updates with Update Shim (#39198)
project-chip/connectedhomeip: docs/upgrading.md

```

### Decoupling of `CommandHandlerInterface` from Ember Metadata

CommandHandler Interface was coupled with Ember data in ways that caused bugs if
not setup correctly, updates were made for decoupling, now this data is provided

With this the interfaces
[`CommandHandlerInterface::EnumerateGeneratedCommands`](#enumerategeneratedcommands),
[`CommandHandlerInterface::EnumerateAcceptedCommands`](#enumerateacceptedcommands)

> go through some changes, a SHIM is provided to make the transition simpler

Reviewer: ```suggestion
go through some changes, a shim is provided to make the transition simpler
```

#### Full Changes

##### EnumerateGeneratedCommands

> Changed the old callback based iteration, into a ListBuilder based approach for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Changed the old callback based iteration into a ListBuilder based approach for
```

   }
```

-   new

```cpp
   ReturnErrorOnFailure(
        builder.AppendElements({ ScanNetworksResponse::Id, NetworkConfigResponse::Id, ConnectNetworkResponse::Id })
   )
```

##### EnumerateAcceptedCommands

Expanded `EnumerateAcceptedCommands` Interface to provide the Access Information
(Attributes and Qualities) using a ListBuilder

`CommandHandlerInterface::EnumerateAcceptedCommands(const ConcreteClusterPath & cluster, CommandIdCallback callback, void * context)`
becomes
`CommandHandlerInterface::EnumerateAcceptedCommands(const ConcreteClusterPath & cluster, ListBuilder<AcceptedCommandEntry> & builder)`

Changes for implementation:

-   Old

```cpp
    for (auto && cmd : {
             Disable::Id,
             EnableCharging::Id,
         })
    {
        VerifyOrExit(callback(cmd, context) == Loop::Continue, /**/);
    }

    if (HasFeature(Feature::kV2x))
    {
        VerifyOrExit(callback(EnableDischarging::Id, context) == Loop::Continue, /**/);
    }
```

-   new

```cpp
    using QF   = DataModel::CommandQualityFlags;
    using Priv = Access::Privilege;
    ReturnErrorOnFailure(builder.AppendElements({
        { Disable::Id,        QF::kTimed, Priv::kOperate },

>         { EnableCharging::Id, QF::kTimed, Priv::kOperate },

Reviewer: Should the example be using flags/priv from Metadata.h instead of hardcoding, so people who copy this get the right behavior?

    }));
    if (HasFeature(Feature::kV2x))
    {
        ReturnErrorOnFailure(builder.EnsureAppendCapacity(1));
        ReturnErrorOnFailure(
            builder.Append({ EnableDischarging::Id, QF::kTimed, Priv::kOperate})
        );
    }
```

Important Notes:

Use `EnsureAppendCapacity` before `ListBuilder::Append` to prevent buffer
overflow when appending a single element, this function never allocates.

> #### SHIM updates

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Backwards compatibility
```

> If the changes above are too high friction for upgrading, we provide a Shim that

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the changes above are too high friction for upgrading, we provide a shim that
```

> allows to implement this changes with a very minimal change. It adds as little
> extra usage in size compared to the code above but should be decent for most
> cases.
> 
> Tu use this Shim just replace inheriting CommandHandlerInterface to
> CommandHandlerInterfaceShim<> with a list of the clusters are required for your
> implementation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
allow implementing these changes with a very minimal change. It adds a little
extra codesize compared to the code above but should be decent for most
cases.

To use this shim just replace inheriting from CommandHandlerInterface with inheriting from
CommandHandlerInterfaceShim<> with a list of the cluster IDs required for your
implementation
```

```diff
- #include <app/CommandHandlerInterface.h>
+ #include <app/CommandHandlerInterfaceShim.h>
...
- class Instance : public CommandHandlerInterface,
+ class Instance : public CommandHandlerInterfaceShim<NetworkCommissioning::Id>
```

> ```

Reviewer: What are these backticks doing here?

```

### Decoupling of `CommandHandlerInterface` from EmberTestCodegenModelViaMocks.cpp:1513:77 Metadata

CommandHandler Interface was coupled with Ember data in ways that caused bugs if
not set up correctly, updates were made for decoupling, now this data is

> provided

Author: Added more context
